## Subdirectory Contents

Each numbered directory contains a test case from *Revisiting Spacetrack Report 3*. Here is a key to the contents of each case directory:

- `.tle` - The two-line element set for the test case, as given in Appendix D ("Test Case Listing") of *RSR3* and the file `SGP4-VER.TLE` distributed with the *RSR3* sample code.
- `.ref.txt` - The reference output for the test case, as given in Appendix E ("Test Case Results Listing") of *RSR3*.
- `.rsr.txt` - The reference output for the test case, as generated by the `testcpp` program included with *RSR3*. Offset times given in seconds instead of minutes. Otherwise, identical to `.ref.txt` except for one digit in the 8th decimal place of one coordinate of cases 21 and 22.
- `.lib.txt` - The output of the SGP4++ library, as generated by the included `runtest` program.
- `.txt` - The test case output generated by the `gtg` test script. Should be identical to `.lib.txt`.

Intermediate files generated by the test script:

- `.shp` - Shapefile geometry.
- `.shx` - Shapefile index.
- `.dbf` - Shapefile attribute table.
- `.dbf.txt` - Text listing of attribute table generated with `dbfdump`.
- `.log` - Log of `--verbose` messages generated by `gtg`.

## Contents

The reference output and test output for each test case is also aggregated in these files:

- `test-reference.txt` contains the concatenation of all `.ref.txt` files.
- `test-rsr.txt` contains the concatenation of all `.rsr.txt` files.
- `test-library.txt` contains the concatenation of all `.lib.txt` files.
- `test-gtg.txt` contains the concatenation of all `gtg` test output files (`.txt`).

